tiup: add examples for tiup version placehoder (#12522)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-cluster.md

Then you can use the `--ssh=system` command-line flag to enable the system-native command-line tool:

> - Deploy a cluster: `tiup cluster deploy <cluster-name> <version> <topo> --ssh=system`. `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name, `<version>` is the TiDB version to be deployed (such as `v6.5.0`), and `<topo>` is the topology file.
> - Start a cluster: `tiup cluster start <cluster-name> --ssh=system`. `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy a cluster: `tiup cluster deploy <cluster-name> <version> <topo> --ssh=system`. Fill in the name of your cluster for `<cluster-name>`, the TiDB version to be deployed (such as `v6.5.0`) for `<version>`, and the topology file for `<topo>`.
- Start a cluster: `tiup cluster start <cluster-name> --ssh=system`
```
